This recording is from the British Council.
Thanks everyone for coming to this project meeting. I know we're all working cross-functionally on this project, but so far the key stakeholders are really pleased with how it's going. This project will really benefit our overall value proposition and the company as a whole.
Thanks, John. It's an important project. It's good to be collaborating on this together.
Yes, it's important, but we're also busy with our regular jobs. It would be difficult to fit things in.
It's okay, Mateo. We'll work it out. I know that you all have a lot on at the moment, combining this project with your regular jobs.
So, what do we need to do and by when?
Good questions, Barbara. We have a number of key deliverables to discuss, so it's essential we're all in agreement about roles and responsibilities, and also the timelines we're working to.
Great.
Yes, it's good to get this clear.
So, the first thing we need to do is design the customer survey questionnaire. In my experience, this is best done through an online survey tool.
That sounds like a great idea. I'm glad you have experience with this.
Yeah, we've done something similar on previous projects.
So, will you do that, John?
I'd love to, but I'm already tied up managing this project, and my line manager Kate has agreed that I should focus on the timelines, reporting, and financial management. I'd like A Kiko to lead on the questionnaire. You learned about this on your marketing and PR course, didn't you?
Yeah. Happy to take it on.
Thanks, Akiko. Next thing is we need the new designs finalized. Mateo, you said you could do this in a couple of weeks, right?
Yeah, I know, but that was last month, and then nothing happened. I'm overloaded at the moment and my line manager won't be happy if I don't hit my targets. Sorry, but this project has to take lower priority.
Hmm. I see. I can understand the challenge you're facing. I've been in that situation before. So, what can we do to help you hit those targets and free up some time?
Sorry, but this project has to take lower priority.
That's a good question. If I could get a slight reduction in my targets, I could use the extra time that would create to finish the designs for this project.
Okay. We might not be able to get your targets reduced, but I'll see what we can do.
How about if I support Matea there? I know his job well and I have some capacity at the moment. I can help him meet his targets so he can free up some time to finish the designs for this project.
Could you, Barbara? Hmm. I'm not sure if it's fair to ask Barbara to be supporting Mateo in his regular job so he can work on this project.
It's up to you, but I'm happy to support Mateo with his regular work just for a couple of weeks so he can create the designs. He's the only one with the expertise.
Yeah, you're right. Okay. Thanks a lot, Barbara. I appreciate it. Mateo, would that work for you?
Yes, that would work. Thanks. Okay, you've made it easy for me to say yes.
Okay, then that's settled. Thanks both. I really appreciate your help in this. So, can you get them done by the end of the month?
Yes, that should be no problem.
This recording is from the British Council. To find more activities to practice your English, visit www.britishcouncil.org/learnenglish.